[wip] feat: add app.sysinfo (#16575)
electron/electron: docs/api/app.md

Sets the `image` associated with this dock icon.

> ### `app.sysInfo.numberOfProcessors()`

Reviewer: @miniak I know you're just following the Chromium names, but I think we could make these more Node/Electron-ish. For exampe, `processorCount()`, `totalPhysicalMemory()`, `availablePhysicalMemory()`, `freeDiskSpace()`, etc. WDYT?

Returns `Number` - The number of logical processors/cores on the current machine.

### `app.sysInfo.amountOfPhysicalMemory()`

Returns `Number` - The number of bytes of physical memory on the current machine.

### `app.sysInfo.amountOfAvailablePhysicalMemory()`

Returns `Number` - The number of bytes of current available physical memory on the machine.

### `app.sysInfo.amountOfVirtualMemory()`

Returns `Number` - The number of bytes of virtual memory of this process.

**NOTE:** A return value of zero means that there is no limit on the available virtual memory.

### `app.sysInfo.amountOfFreeDiskSpace(path)`

* `path` String

Returns `Number` - The available disk space in bytes on the volume containing `path`.

**NOTE:** Returns -1 on failure.

### `app.sysInfo.amountOfTotalDiskSpace(path)`

* `path` String

Returns `Number` - The total disk space in bytes on the volume containing `path`.

**NOTE:** Returns -1 on failure.

### `app.sysInfo.uptime()`

Returns `Number` - The system uptime in seconds.

> ### `app.sysInfo.getHardwareInfo()`

Reviewer: Maybe remove `get`?

Author: renamed to `hardwareInfo()`

Returns `Promise<HardwareInfo>` - Resolves with a [HardwareInfo](structures/hardware-info.md)

### `app.sysInfo.operatingSystemName()`

> Returns `String` - The name of the host operating system.

Reviewer 2: Can we specify some values? `name` means so many different things. Like, is it `win32`, `Windows`, `Windows 10`, or `Windows 10N`?

### `app.sysInfo.operatingSystemVersion()`

Returns `String` - The version of the host operating system.

### `app.sysInfo.operatingSystemArchitecture()`

Returns `String` - The architecture of the running operating system.

> **NOTE:** Exact return value may differ across platforms.

Reviewer 3: Can we list some examples / common ones here?

### `app.sysInfo.cpuModelName()`

Returns `String` - The CPU model name of the system.

> **NOTE:** If it can not be figured out, an empty string is returned.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If it can not be determined, an empty string is returned.
```

> ### `app.sysInfo.vmAllocationGranularity()`

Reviewer: These seems really low-level, do we need to expose this?

Author: removed

Returns `Number` - The smallest amount of memory (in bytes) which the VM system will allocate.

### `app.sysInfo.isLowEndDevice()`

> Returns `Boolean` - True if this is a low-end device.

Reviewer 3: What is a "low-end" device, can we link to Chromium docs / code on the subject?

Reviewer 2: There are no official docs (that I know of), but this refers to devices with < 512mb in memory.
